Allow to restore cluster state from backup at apply (#149)
k0sproject/k0sctl: README.md

$ k0sctl init 10.0.0.1 10.0.0.2 ubuntu@10.0.0.3:8022 | k0sctl apply --config -
```

### `k0sctl backup & restore`

Takes a [backup](https://docs.k0sproject.io/main/backup/) of the cluster control plane state into the current working directory.

The files are currently named with a running (unix epoch) timestamp, e.g. `k0s_backup_1623220591.tar.gz`.

Restoring a backup can be done as part of the [k0sctl apply](#k0sctl-apply) command using `--restore-from k0s_backup_1623220591.tar.gz` flag.

> Restoring the cluster state is a full restore of the cluster controle plane state, including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restoring the cluster state is a full restore of the cluster control plane state, including:
```

- Etcd datastore content
- Certificates
- Keys

> In general restore is intended to be used as a disaster recovery mechanism and thus it expects that no k0s components are actually existing on the controllers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general restore is intended to be used as a disaster recovery mechanism and thus it expects that no k0s components actually exist on the controllers.
```
